SEO Updates - Find and Replace Chained Redirects (#4170)
mattermost/docs: source/developer/slash-commands.rst

.. note::

  This is the admin documentation for slash commands. If you're a developer looking to build an integration, see `our developer documentation <https://developers.mattermost.com/integrate/>`__.

> Mattermost supports slash commands to easily integrate external applications into the server. They function similarly to :doc:`outgoing webhooks <../developer/webhooks-outgoing/>`, except they can be used in any channel - including Private channels and direct messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mattermost supports slash commands to easily integrate external applications into the server. They function similarly to :doc:`outgoing webhooks <../developer/webhooks-outgoing/>`, except they can be used in any channel - including Private channels and Direct Messages.
```

Share Your Integration
----------------------

> If you've built an integration for Mattermost, please consider `sharing your work <https://mattermost.org/share-your-mattermost-projects/>`__ in our `app directory <https://apps.mattermost.com/>`__.

Reviewer: As per above comment, this redirects to integrations.mattermost.com.

> The `app directory <https://apps.mattermost.com/>`__ lists open source integrations developed by the Mattermost community and are available for download, customization and deployment to your private cloud or on-prem infrastructure.

Reviewer: As per above comment, this redirects to integrations.mattermost.com.

> The `app directory <https://apps.mattermost.com/>`__ lists open source integrations developed by the Mattermost community and are available for download, customization and deployment to your private cloud or on-prem infrastructure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `app directory <https://apps.mattermost.com/>`__ lists open source integrations developed by the Mattermost community and are available for download, customization, and deployment to your private cloud or self-managed infrastructure.
```

> The `app directory <https://integrations.mattermost.com/>`__ lists open source integrations developed by the Mattermost community and are available for download, customization and deployment to your private cloud or on-prem infrastructure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `app directory <https://integrations.mattermost.com/>`__ lists open source integrations developed by the Mattermost community and are available for download, customization and deployment to your private cloud or self-managed infrastructure.
```
